prince here,
we're going to work with ways,
not walk.
So this work is a matter from your ways on.
It is used to generate directly on file names in a doctor.
Three by walking.
So simply in case,
if you're familiar with the UNIX like systems Andi,
if you don't find a command,
right,
somebody If I run something like find some part name some store,
let's ism on dot Txt So what it will do,
you're find command.
Will recursive lee look for text files from the given part Means I didn't that you're
giving a part like this something like some X ray,
your views that you're giving then first you it will look for the work extra files in this
part.
Then if there are any directories,
let's say Howard,
everyone then automatically or find command will create a part called Home X wagered
everyone on in that also it will try to look for text files and I assume that in the
everyone also you how some directories,
let's say subject everyone.
Then in that location also,
it will try to look for star.
I mean,
any text files.
So from the given part,
it is going to look for some text files.
And Rick Astley.
That means all the possible departs.
Whatever you have inside off your part becasue parts in all those parts it will try to look
for They were not txt files.
That's fine.
So the same way you are going to work with your waste,
not work as well.
But I guess if you don't know about fine command,
don't worry.
Here,
we're going to discuss about it.
And one more thing before going to start with your ways.
Don't work.
Please.
Please complete for Luke Concert from here.
So we have year loops in there upto this oral for Luke concepts.
Right?
You just go on walk.
Ah,
I mean,
going watch all these for Luke.
Concert first,
then come back with your ways.
Not work,
then Only can understand effectively about your ways that work.
Fine days.
Let me take some part.
I'm going to take apart called Let me take.
Yeah,
this is a part.
Okay,
Now I'm going to eat a simple by transcript.
Okay.
Let me write any skip name.
How?
Given script name as well.
Start walking that the white.
Okay,
wait.
It's underscored walk toward the light.
Let me take apart.
Call this one.
I just know we cooperate.
We know we are working with the windows.
We had to provide those classes in your parts.
Otherwise,
because of special characters,
you may get at a right find No,
Let me directly print the war.
Always dot Walk.
Then you are given part and we are using here.
Wears model.
So before using it you how the imported honest,
better toe import at very first line.
That is actually better practice.
Fine.
No,
I'm running.
You're getting some output and this is a generator object.
You can also come what you're objecting to list because this output is finally going to
give a list.
That's why I'm trying to convert.
This has a list?
No,
See,
that would ward.
You are getting foster fall from your given part by Tunney's generating a list which
consists off couples and each double consist off three values Be clear Ways.
That walk is always going to generate a list.
A gender,
actually that is a gender drops.
Anybody can convert that India list.
No,
it is very easy.
If you remember in this way,
where's their walk is going to generate a list of first on that list consists off.
Couples.
See that this is a couple No,
on that double consist off three values.
Foster value is always the part which you have given.
And secondly,
civilised 30 is also a list.
On this list is list off directories in a given list in the given pot.
In this spot,
the list off Barrett is you will get here.
Here,
you will get the list off files in a given territory automatically.
Your python is separating.
Right?
You're list off the artisan list off files for you were given part,
right?
Let me take other part.
So I'm going to take apart called suppose programming some some different parts in that
bother.
How only files,
Right?
I anywhere.
How only one file.
If you want to create one more fine,
let me create extort.
Txt.
Why not be way something like that?
Now you have three files here.
Okay.
In self scripting,
let me take different apart.
No,
I'm going to run.
See the output Still you don't have any directories,
but you have the files in a given location.
Now you're fighting is able to identify them,
right?
No.
Let me take one.
Barrett three.
Here,
let me create directly some Hello territory right now in your programming.
You have a directory,
right?
Okay,
let me run.
You can see the output.
You're getting two parts.
One party's you're given part.
Be clear.
This is what your ways that walk is working.
Doing anywhere given part.
You have one badly on three files.
That is what we're Whatever the party or giving But you're fightin will recur silly Such
from their own words.
See,
Because hello is there If I hired hello part.
So this part,
then you can create one new part.
That's what by then is doing automatically This Hello is going to add to your given part
the new parties already having no New Delhi.
Everybody is there now in the nude.
Every part It is going to list adulterous and files.
As of now,
we don't know anything.
Let me create one more directly and see the result.
Sorry.
That is a file,
right?
Let me create one more data to be a It's solid there.
Yeah,
Those Okay,
fine.
Now let me return and see the output.
Nice.
If your daughter clearly for you were given part.
First of all,
you're fightin is giving this as your part on in that part of the list off territories.
And then in this partly stuff files that is over with one step.
But if you are this two directories to your given part,
what will happen,
you better report will coming up.
So,
yes,
you are able to form new.
There are three parts.
No pipeline will automatically farm that on in that.
If you have any dire this unless you don't list.
All right,
the same.
It is forming two parts with by one part.
Hello.
One part.
Suppose inside off your buyer.
Hello,
Iffy.
How one more directly.
Let me travel in tow.
My Hello.
As of now,
we don't know anything here,
right?
What I'm doing is first,
I'm going to create a file called Hello.
Not the way hello dot Txt right.
See previously with your hello directory part.
You don't have any files here right now.
I have a fight.
Two files,
right?
See that?
No.
Let me run our script and see the results.
Now you got to files automatically.
I'm here.
I don't know any territories.
Let me create a territory.
Hello one.
Now see the result.
You're going to get one day,
three year at the same time.
Because this is a directory.
This directory or fighting is going to add toe this part and it is going to form a new
territory part that means all possibility parts it is going to form automatically the part
which you have given from that.
See that?
Hello territory Holoband Eritrean that two files.
But this doctor tree you bad.
So this part,
then you can never toe.
I create new territory part.
That's what by then is doing.
And it is giving a list of files and directories.
But we don't have anything here.
Likewise,
if you do any part from that part,
you're fightin is automatically forming all possibility parts on each and every part.
It is going to provide a list off directories and least off files.
No,
I assume there I'm so there what I would or could you are getting That is a list.
Be clear.
Basically,
this is the list.
A symbol,
right in the least.
If he observed you how apple This is a symbol,
right?
And this is upto this one only this is a foster couple in a list.
And this is the second couple.
And this is a charitable for the top.
See,
if we have a list,
right,
you can take one by one using your loop.
That's why what I'm doing is instead of blending in this way,
okay,
other ways,
I will do one thing.
I will keep this as a days again.
I will play for Lou for each anywhere list off ways,
not work.
But let me print your each and see the output.
But I do understand cigarettes let mean difference.
Here them see anyone first output ways that walk part that lamb printing in there.
This is first to topple value in a word list.
This is the one value I can able to separate them using for loop Sam,
be second.
No,
I am bringing separately your couple values from your list.
And one more thing because this is a generator.
You're converting that into list just to see and to understand by you.
But vital can understand that we thought converting India list.
No,
see that I am removing this list list operation.
I'm the moving And if I run,
see the outward same old Put me in spite.
I can understand that.
What is there inside off your generator?
I should.
There is a general Rob sick,
but I'm gonna understand that.
That's why we're getting this all possible t couple values.
So we're getting four couples night.
Fine.
Now let me come into your Prince State.
May on after the output four couples are getting right days in a treatable If you're a jury
,
all three values one is the part.
And 2nd 1 is in this spot where the list off territories and 3rd 1 is in that part One of
the list off ice.
Yes,
You're getting right.
No.
If we have a three values in your trouble,
let me show you that.
Try to follow step by step.
Let's say I have a couple call in this way.
34 fight.
Then if you bring the X,
you're getting in this way.
But 345 directly.
I can assigned to three variables and see the way value our third value for X value.
You can unpack your couple that it lee into a number of variables.
But while ascending in this way the values which he how in triple the number of values
should be the number of variables so that he can back know What I'm doing is,
if you have the euro put in your script,
the 1st 1 is some given part,
right?
Our assume that this is a route part.
I mean,
what are the party are giving that just assumption Route pot there in that part of that
interest list in the part files list.
So not this is a couple.
What are the value you're printing?
Using your for loop each and every valley with a couple.
Know what I'm doing is directly here itself.
I'm unpacking.
Senior off each.
What I'm taking is your root part.
Directories list under and fights list.
You can also take lengthy variables.
I don't want to take in this way like rule that it plays list files list.
I don't want take this lengthy variable simply I want to take,
like,
root on.
These are not the fixer variables.
You can take any variables,
Dr.
Now,
if I print all these three,
you're getting your trouble right now.
What I'm doing is I'm printing only are then you can expect from each and every couple.
You're going to print this first of part.
That means all the possible departs You are printing a little bit on.
You can see the output you're spending on us all possibility parts now I want to bring to
each and every part.
What are the files?
List Only finds list the path in that part.
See that article?
My,
you.
That's it.
If you how you will get it.
If you don't know,
it won't display that.
Now I want to get each part in that part.
Only directories list.
Do that.
Fine.
Okay.
If it is fine now,
let's come back with again files.
See the output,
the pot from your first guys.
First of all,
you're getting your given part in that part list off files.
I have one more option here.
Top down equals two false.
And in this case,
what is all put just after that You are the worst thing.
You're output by then is going to get from bottom to top values by default.
It is always true.
Top down is true.
Even if you're right.
No bottom.
Even if you don't write.
No problem.
See if your idea or getting supposed by.
Okay,
first he that is mighty.
For if you want to make it as a top donors.
False.
I mean,
I want to get out.
Put from down to falls in your directory structures about I think that this is given
directly in that house,
some number off territories and then number of files again.
This you have some directories on the files again in this territory.
How?
Some number of charities and files.
So this is top down in this way.
Your partner will look by default.
I guess If you want to bring to your parts from don't go top,
then you have didn't make it up.
Don't value s fall so that the fighting will you first this list then come back then coming
.
But then your top.
Nothing where it's not a I mean not require majority.
If you want,
you can mention this option,
right?
That's fine.
Okay,
Now you are getting your path in that party.
How?
Your files.
Right now I want to print it up part which consist off some files.
I don't want to print all the parts which are not having fights.
Then what?
I will go see that if leant off your files if it is not in Khost.
Ojito,
If we did,
you know I don't want to print.
If it is not equal to zero,
then only print.
See that you are getting only two parts which are having your files previously got four
parts,
right?
But now you're getting only two butts because I have given a condition,
printed the files,
sprinted up part and files which are having,
I mean the part which are having some files.
So what I'm doing is the first of all.
You know,
you can able to find your list of files in a given part that I'm finding.
Lend.
If length is not equal to zero missing at least one file,
then I am printing that night.
Fine.
No,
I don't want toe print.
I don't want to print my files in it as a list.
I want to bring my files one by one.
First off,
what I'm doing is I'm printing my route part right now.
Let me print for separately or files.
I'm going with step by step the same way you just practice and update output.
I'm getting my route pot.
I mean,
what?
These two files,
whatever the party is there,
then for this files,
whatever the part part on its files,
I'm getting no,
I want to get I want to display one by one file under.
We were given part.
Nothing is there you can take for loop here again for each file in your f Just simply print
your each file.
See that put now?
What I want to do is I want to get complete part for my each and every file.
It's very,
very important.
I want to get each on their for each and every file.
I want to get complete part.
So you guys,
if you clearly absorb in this part only how your files,
right?
If I aren't this part to your each file,
you're going to form complete part.
So this scenario is very,
very important in your real family.
Nothing is that that you can print where is not part about join even route.
Then you are filed.
It's very simple.
Sit output.
You're getting your route part in the time.
In your part?
No,
I'm getting comfort part for me.
Each and every file,
right?
Just for your differentiation between different parts I'm writing here hyphens No.
See the output.
This is your main part in there.
The files.
But I'm getting with complete part.
That's what actually I need It's very,
very important.
Then second box.
And in that bother how list of files.
Right.
Fine.
So,
guys,
whatever that concept were done in this video,
this is applicable even for what?
UNIX like systems.
Okay,
so in the next video,
we'll see with the practice with real time practice.
Okay.
Thank you for watching this video.